Documentation.md, before:

## Watch page 
The watch page has several states it can be in. The states affect the elements that are displayed and rendered, the styles that get applied, and the functions that are available.

All that is to be taken into consideration when creating styles, new functions or changing existing functions, to avoid conflicts and to avoid forgetting to design an element or to handle a functionality case.

The watch page can be in at least the following 6 states:
- Video is scheduled, has not yet gone live
- Video is live
- Video is no longer live, nor is it scheduled
- There exists an authenticated user
- There does not exist an authenticated user
- There exists an authenticated user and the user is the owner of the video

## All pages
- Scheduled streams (home)
- Stream preview / Stream watch
- Edit stream / Create stream
- Profile
- Settings
- Superadmin
- Manage streams
- About
- Privacy policy
- Terms of service
- Contact
- Request feature
- Log in
- Register
- Forget password
- Reset pass
- Wait to get in!
- Successful registration

Commit message:

success page, wait, reset, forget, register, login, feature request RESPONSIVE

Documentation.md, after:

## Watch page 
The watch page has several states it can be in. The states affect the elements that are displayed and rendered, the styles that get applied, and the functions that are available.

All that is to be taken into consideration when creating styles, new functions or changing existing functions, to avoid conflicts and to avoid forgetting to design an element or to handle a functionality case.

The watch page can be in at least the following 6 states:
- Video is scheduled, has not yet gone live
- Video is live
- Video is no longer live, nor is it scheduled
- There exists an authenticated user
- There does not exist an authenticated user
- There exists an authenticated user and the user is the owner of the video

## All pages
Currently, I'll have these pages responsive from 320px to 600px

- Scheduled streams (home)
- Stream preview / Stream watch
- Edit stream / Create stream
- Profile
+ Settings
- Superadmin
- Manage streams
- About
- Privacy policy
- Terms of service
- Contact
- Request feature
+ Log in
+ Register
- Forget password
- Reset pass
- Wait to get in!
- Successful registration
